README.md, before:

PyDankReddit
============
![weed-border](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9wyxuECn41r67vczo1_500.gif)

Processin' those dank reddits into may mays, in Python with PRAW, URLlib, and OpenCV,

Should add some sw33t sunglasses onto your reddits rite now m8.

Credits
-------

Developed by ([@powderblock](https://github.com/powderblock)).  
Thanks to Caleb Jones ([@porglezomp](https://github.com/porglezomp)) for help. 

Dependencies
------------

* [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/) for computer vision, image loading, image processing, etc. 
* [PRAW](https://github.com/praw-dev/praw) to process reddit posts.  
* [PyImgur](https://github.com/Damgaard/PyImgur) to handle uploading images to imgur.

Testimonials
------------

"This is a great project you're doing" - ~~Obama~~ [Caleb Jones](https://github.com/porglezomp)  

"I love everything about this project" - ~~JFK~~ [OkayHughes](https://github.com/OkayHughes)

"I didn't know you existed, but thank you! My new favorite thing." - ~~Elvis~~ [/u/TheAquaman](https://reddit.com/u/TheAquaman)

"Thank you?" - ~~Morgan Freeman~~ [/u/HintOfBlu](https://reddit.com/u/HintOfBlu)

"This is my new wall paper on my phone." - ~~Steve Jobs~~ [/u/Aerolas](https://reddit.com/u/Aerolas)

"NAIS MEME" - ~~Einstein~~ [/u/fourcrew2](https://reddit.com/u/fourcrew2)

"You have been banned from posting to /r/cosplay" - Hitler

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2014 Blade Nelson  
Licensed under the MIT license  
See LICENSE for more details

![weed-border](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9wyxuECn41r67vczo1_500.gif)

Commit message:

Add more deps, improve testimonials
Add NumPy and PIL to the dependencies. Add Betty White in place of hitler in the testimonials. Improve credit to Caleb Jones.

README.md, after:

PyDankReddit
============
![weed-border](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9wyxuECn41r67vczo1_500.gif)

Processin' those dank reddits into may mays, in Python with PRAW, URLlib, and OpenCV,

Should add some sw33t sunglasses onto your reddits rite now m8.

Credits
-------

Developed by ([@powderblock](https://github.com/powderblock)).  
Thanks to Caleb Jones ([@porglezomp](https://github.com/porglezomp)).

Dependencies
------------

* [OpenCV](http://opencv.org/) for computer vision, image loading, image processing, etc. 
* [PRAW](https://github.com/praw-dev/praw) to process reddit posts.  
* [PyImgur](https://github.com/Damgaard/PyImgur) to handle uploading images to imgur.
* [PIL](http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/) Python Imaging Library. To do Image handling between OpenCV, local storage, Imgur, and urlib,
* [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/) to handle images at a low level.

Testimonials
------------

"This is a great project you're doing" - ~~Obama~~ [Caleb Jones](https://github.com/porglezomp)  

"I love everything about this project" - ~~JFK~~ [OkayHughes](https://github.com/OkayHughes)

"I didn't know you existed, but thank you! My new favorite thing." - ~~Elvis~~ [/u/TheAquaman](https://reddit.com/u/TheAquaman)

"Thank you?" - ~~Morgan Freeman~~ [/u/HintOfBlu](https://reddit.com/u/HintOfBlu)

"This is my new wall paper on my phone." - ~~Steve Jobs~~ [/u/Aerolas](https://reddit.com/u/Aerolas)

"NAIS MEME" - ~~Einstein~~ [/u/fourcrew2](https://reddit.com/u/fourcrew2)

"You have been banned from posting to /r/cosplay" - ~~Betty White~~ /r/cosplay

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2014 Blade Nelson  
Licensed under the MIT license  
See LICENSE for more details

![weed-border](http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m9wyxuECn41r67vczo1_500.gif)
